the stem
oh and someone
before somewhere
Margie
okay thank you
kala real quickly tomorrow big day
nicknamed Dave I think the group is
prepared we are motivated game it's a
challenge the group of water once the
place maybe ya kuma has a great team but
we will fight fight I want a good
defense they're great players but the
moment important moment
wants to turn the way around sure to get
the place and
forget the conference cause it's a
renovated group but they are very
motivated
whole group young players what we forgot
my concentrated I think this kind of
game the season game life of that the
motivation is more than half did they
was it good to play a game like tonight
against Angola maybe not quite as tough
because yesterday was a tough day in all
those facts and the group aside nada
normal night so it's good because i was
starting better way out but later just
keep the difference and thinking
tomorrow is normal what it wasn't a
great game
plus I'm great for spirit and then just
to keep the difference and any summer
because the situation is different is
not a normal situation and the group is
thinking that we keep the energy for a
big challenge tomorrow it's a good basic
physical and we have to be get rest and
recuperate the energy and get ready I
think tomorrow will be one hundred
percent the last thing because of what's
happened also with the unfortunate
situation and with Izzy on the emotional
aspect and the mental aspect with the
team has how has this affected them do
you believe they can overcome this yeah
for sure I think they are playing
together sometimes to be missing easy
shots but all the game the whole game
playing to get the passing the ball and
I think
but tired fighting the bus tonight to us
too long yeah little too late yeah I
think so much today is different today
you can get to rest a little cooperate
and they will be totally renovated and
read for tomorrow and how are you doing
personally yeah is it a tough tough
situation you've ever experienced up the
season because it's a kind of loss for
me yeah professionally speaking because
I believe that she could change but as
she spoke earlier in the week about how
happy she was that you were the coach
the transition from Barbosa so for all
of it to happen all of a sudden surely
it's just just a bad moment and maybe
something can be recovered yeah it's too
weird but it was necessary yeah it's not
it's not it's too early to say it's over
for good yeah yeah
I cannot hesitate in this kind of
situation but I'm not happy right I'm
convicted yet I did what I had to do but
not happy right I can see thanks for our
power okay thanks
you